Senior Java Developer Indeed Prime - Los Angeles, CA Indeed Prime is an exclusive platform that connects top tech candidates with the best tech employers. Once your application is approved, your profile will be Sponsored - save jobJava Programmer, TA-Computer Society IEEE Corporate - Los Alamitos, CA Core Java, J2EE, JSP, XML including latest java frameworks. Command of Enterprise Java and Javascript frameworks is required.... Sponsored - save jobJava Developer The Team Companies, Inc. - Burbank, CA The ideal candidate has excellent Java development and analytical skills. Design, develop, and implement web-based Java applications to support the business.... Easily apply 5 days ago - save job - more... View all The Team Companies, Inc. jobs in Burbank, CA - Burbank jobs Salary Search: Java Developer salaries in Burbank, CA Related forums: Java Developer - TEAM - Burbank, CaliforniaStaff SW Engineer - Java Backend The Walt Disney Company - 2,788 reviews - Burbank, CA You will be working in a small team of multi-disciplined engineers on creating the next generation video consumption platforms. We expect you to be up to date Easily apply 2 days ago - save job - more... View all The Walt Disney Company jobs in Burbank, CA - Burbank jobs Salary Search: Java Developer salaries in Burbank, CA Learn more about working at The Walt Disney Company The Walt Disney Company questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process: What is the work environment and culture like at The Walt Disney Company? What questions did they ask during your interview? Related forums: The Walt Disney Company - Burbank, CaliforniaSoftware Development Engineer IMDb.com, Inc. - Santa Monica, CA Experience with Java or other object oriented languages- preferably on a UNIX or Linux platform. IMDb is looking for talented software engineers to innovate on... Amazon.com - 19 days ago - save job - more... View all IMDb.com, Inc. jobs in Santa Monica, CA - Santa Monica jobs Salary Search: Software Engineer salaries in Santa Monica, CA Learn more about working at Imdb.com, Inc. Related forums: Software Engineer - Santa Monica, CaliforniaLead Java Developer DecisionPathIT - Los Angeles, CA $60 - $65 an hour Lead Java Developer with Gaming Experience*. Implementing RESTful services using CXF or other product in Java.... Easily apply 3 days ago - save job - more... View all DecisionPathIT jobs in Los Angeles, CA - Los Angeles jobs Salary Search: Java Developer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Related forums: Los Angeles, California - DecisionPathITSr. Java Engineer The Walt Disney Company - 2,788 reviews - Burbank, CA Have 6-8 years of experience in web application development or software engineering in a large enterprise environment using Java, including familiarity with... Easily apply 3 days ago - save job - more... View all The Walt Disney Company jobs in Burbank, CA - Burbank jobs Salary Search: Senior Java Developer salaries in Burbank, CA Learn more about working at The Walt Disney Company The Walt Disney Company questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process: What is the work environment and culture like at The Walt Disney Company? What questions did they ask during your interview? Related forums: The Walt Disney Company - Burbank, CaliforniaSr. Software Engineer - Java Development Tenable - 3 reviews - Los Angeles, CA Java, Node, Javascript (preferred). We are looking for a self-motivated, senior-level back-end web developer to assist in the design and implementation of a... 11 days ago - save job - more... View all Tenable jobs in Los Angeles, CA - Los Angeles jobs Salary Search: Senior Software Engineer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Learn more about working at Tenable Related forums: Los Angeles, California - TenableSoftware Engineer Intern Jobi - Los Angeles, CA 90230 $10 an hour String programing knowledge of C/C++ and Java programming language. We are looking for a fast-paced, tech savvy, eager Software Engineer Intern to work directly... Easily apply 17 days ago - save job - more... View all Jobi jobs in Los Angeles, CA - Los Angeles jobs Salary Search: Software Engineer Intern salaries in Los Angeles, CA Related forums: Los Angeles, California - Software Engineer - JobiJava Software Development Engineer - Entry Level BOEING - 3,626 reviews - El Segundo, CA 90245 Experience working with J2EE (Java 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition) or Java Script is highly desired. A minimum of 1 year of Java software development experience... 5 days ago - save job - more... View all BOEING jobs in El Segundo, CA - El Segundo jobs Salary Search: Java Developer salaries in El Segundo, CA Learn more about working at Boeing Boeing questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process: What is the work environment and culture like at Boeing? What benefits does the company provide? Related forums: Boeing - El Segundo, California - Java Software EngineerSr Java Developer Klempson Global Systems LLC - Los Angeles, CA $70 an hour Good number of years hands-on experience and recognized expert on Java. Develop java services integrated in the end to end processing of the derivative products... Easily apply 16 days ago - save job - more... View all Klempson Global Systems LLC jobs in Los Angeles, CA - Los Angeles jobs Salary Search: Senior Java Developer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Related forums: Java Developer - Los Angeles, California - Klempson Global Systems LLCProgrammer Analyst III USC - 408 reviews - Los Angeles, CA $70,179 - $116,958 a year High proficiency developing software in C, C++, Java, and/or Python. Ellison Institute for Transformative Medicine is seeking a Programmer Analyst .... 17 days ago - save job - more... View all USC jobs in Los Angeles, CA - Los Angeles jobs Salary Search: Programmer Analyst salaries in Los Angeles, CA Learn more about working at Usc Usc questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process: What questions did they ask during your interview? Why did you leave your job at University of Southern California? Related forums: Programmer Analyst - Los Angeles, California - University of Southern CaliforniaJunior Software Engineer Continio Software Solutions, Inc. - Irvine, CA 92604 $55,000 a year As a junior software engineer with Continio, your responsibilities will include: * Growing in your ability to analyze and apply solutions to the software Easily apply Sponsored - save job